In this project, we aim to develop a program in Java which will allow multiple people to play Jeopardy.

Jeopardy is a game in which players compete against each other, answering questions worth different points based on their difficulty level. There is a minimum of two players and a maximum of 5 players. If you get the question correct, you get the points the question is worth, but if you get it incorrect, you lose that many points. Each person’s score is located on the bottom of the screen. The player with the most points at the end wins. The different players will be able to play on the same computer taking turns to answer questions and gain points.

In the game, there will be a card for each question that will contain information about the question, such as the question statement, the solution, and the category. When a player clicks a card, the question is shown with its point value and category and an answer box is displayed. Once a player enters their answer, the correct answer is displayed as well as if they got it correct or incorrect. Points will be added or subtracted as well.

Each player can adjust their points by clicking the plus or minus button that is displayed next to their points, which is below their name. Plus adds 100 points. Minus takes away 100 points. This will allow players to override the system’s decision. The cards are displayed in columns and the point value for each row in each column increases by 100. The following table is an example of how the cards may be formatted.
